Fix Decryption on Notifications When Megolm Key is not Present (#3297)
vector-im/riot-ios: CHANGES.rst

 * Xcode11: Show AuthenticationViewController fullscreen (PR #3093).
 * Xcode11: Fix font used for `org.matrix.custom.html`messages in timeline (#3241).
 * Settings: New phone number is invisible in dark theme (#3218).

>  * Xcode11: Fix decryption on notifications when the key is not present (PR #3297).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Xcode11: Fix decryption on notifications when the key is not present (#3295).
```

We usually refer to the issue instead of the PR
